1. ~~QA: I'm in the stats screen and I turn off the piano. Then I turn the piano back on. I click the "Retry Connection" button. This should trigger automatic power cycling (bypassing any cooldown period), and the button should stay disabled until the USB connection is back. (See USAGE.md for details on power cycling).~~
2. ~~Request: When in "practice" mode, after 10 seconds elapses since the playing of the last key, a countdown timer should appear on the "practice" screen and show how many seconds are left until the session ends.~~
3. ~~Request: The index.html webpage should be open in kiosk mode on the raspberry pi display. To do this, I think we need a "kiosk script" that is put into autostart.~~
4. ~~QA: I press a key on the piano. The C-E-G notes play. I press "C" to identify myself as "Dad". The screen says "No active session (Dad)" and shows two buttons so I can identify myself as Dad. Expectation: the screen says that Dad is practicing, since I have already identified myself by pressing C. There is some nondeterminism here; I repro about 1/2 the time. It should be impossible for the screen to ever say "No active session". If there is no active session, then the screen should be in "stats" mode. Let's please delete the screen state that say "No active session".~~
5. ~~Feature request: See USER_MGMT_SCREEN.md~~
6. ~~QA: I press a a key on the piano. The C-E-G notes play. I press "C" to identify myself as "Dad". The screen says "Dad is practicing" but leaves duration at 0:00 and counts only one note, even though I'm playing notes.  This screen gives me buttons to identify a user. I have to click "Dad" to make the duration and note count start incrementing. This screen should not provide these buttons to select user. To switch to a different user, I should have to click "End session" first. After I identify myself by pressing "C", my session has begun (but not yet as a "recorded session" -- see note at the top of practice_detector.py). Once I identify myself by pressing "C", the duration timer should be running and my notes should be counted.~~